our expectation was pretty much gone and
the pressure is just purely on if you
lose one game we're out CLG is now two
wins away from going into playoffs I'm
kelcie here with CLG who he with
coverage presented by Omni / so you guys
just won against echo fox did you guys
have any special preparations going into
this game because you know they've been
pretty dominant throughout the season
right now they're kind of low but yeah
did you have anything special you're
gonna bring out or um I think we just
treated as like other teams were like we
just prepare our like own mechanics and
our own decisions and we just cleaned up
like our communication system and that's
why I think we've been like kind of
climbing up now so I don't think we like
specifically like prepare for echo fox
but we do prepare like the draft for
every single team so maybe that's the
thing awesome so we asked a couple weeks
ago or Travis asked one of the players
what's going on with CLG because started
the season didn't look too good but now
you guys four wins in a row I but I want
to ask you what do you think's going on
with echo fox with echo fox well in the
beginning of the split they had a really
high high like we call it like a
honeymoon phase where like everyone is
like really happy with each other and
like there's no problems and as pleased
goes on like that honeymoon phase will
eventually like and and people will
bring up those problems that they had
before and it will like if they don't
resolve it right away and it will like
slowly like it's like a cancer where
like it grows up and then it explodes
and that's where like we usually think
forever like whatever our new team and
they're doing well in the early season
and they're like doing poorly and end of
the split that's what we think it is
happening do you think that CLG well
okay let's preface this yeah at the
beginning of this play it was kind of
rough did you guys know that by the end
of the split is going to come together
did you guys have that faith because you
just know your team cohesion how you
guys interact
each other so the thing is like it so
the thing is even in the beginning of
the split we thought we're gonna be up
there and like as we were slowly losing
and like we're obviously losing
confidence but like our confidence level
was still like up there we're like we
think we can as long as we make playoff
we're gonna win this championship and
like even right now we're like if we
lose one game where we're out pretty
much we own we're only like clearly
looking for that not losing a single
game and making that miracle run
everyone is on that my set so like
everyone is like still really confident
and they still really want it so how do
you keep that mindset in that confidence
win yeah it's make-or-break if you lose
one of the games you're out well there's
a lot of pressure
obviously like but for me especially
I'll say like it was less pressure than
before we're like like people expect us
to be like on the top tier one in the
beginning of this play like right now
we're like we're down they're like our
expectation was pretty much gone and the
pressure is just purely on if you lose
one game we're out so like we kind of
just play like as the mindset of let's
not regret like wherever we're doing
like great or bad and in the end we lose
like let's just not regret and put
everything we can and I think that's why
I like how we keep our mindset Wow so
this beautiful California weather is
really setting in now if I am now
looking towards the next two games you
have TSM and optic or it's switch but
same thing how is that kinda or how are
you guys gonna go approach that because
optic is at the bottom of the standings
right now and then TSM is kind of in a
similar position to you guys where
they're rising up um well I think we're
not gonna do anything special like with
it this week because fly was like on the
bottom here and echo fox on the top tier
but we kind of treated both teams at the
same level we're like we have to respect
both teams because for us if you lose
one game like we're gonna like our dream
is gone so we have to treat every single
game
really importantly and yeah like we're
gonna do like whatever we did like this
past two weeks and prepare for it so
should we be expecting some early insole
pocket picks coming out anytime soon
I'll say yes all right so there you have
it do you want to say anything else to
your fans out there to our offense well
in the beginning of this play like we've
been not showing up like we didn't even
give them like the heart attack special
that tells you we usually always give
and nowadays like we've been winning and
we've been also giving them that
speciality like the heart attacks so I
hope like we can keep working hard and
then like make you guys proud by making
this miracle run possible and we'll
prove it all right well thank you for
the interview good luck on the next two
games and for everybody else if you want
to check out all things eSports check
out the channel hey youtubers to be
honest some of the comments a little bit
weird but most of them are really
constructive and really positive so
thank you so much for supporting and
watching me grow as an interviewer I
want to give a huge shout out to Omni
slash and remember to subscribe like the
video and say something nice thanks guys